Santa's vanishing. Plan is to write short continues episode every day for next 7 month, with epic final right before Christmas. 

The core of this story you know already: 
 Santa mysteriously disappeared.  2023 Santa's reflections, called Toshi for short, were called from parallel worlds throughout the Metaverse, and united in the digital world of web3 to ensure the continuation of the beloved tradition of giving gifts and the balance of forces of good in the world.

Although each Toshi lacks the original Santa's magic, they possess unique abilities and skills that set them apart from one another. United in their mission, the 2023 Santoshi Bullrunners tirelessly collaborate to keep the spirit of generosity, laughter, and support alive while searching for the real Santa.

According to how many Toshi are also reflections of each other, all their traits and features are mixed in each other, and only a few Toshi, who are the first and main reflections of Santa, have a whole personality and unique skills available to them in full, and inaccessible to others. It is these Toshi who will investigate Santa's disappearance. 

First at all describe this 7 characters, give them unique or funny skills and type of character. They can be anyone in their own world, and now they must use it skills to investigate Santas vanishing. These may be funny or unexpected twists in the plot, because the reader does not assume exactly how another Toshi will be able to use his abilities and skills in desperate situations.

To begin with, prepare a plot plan for the amazing adventures of the main Toshi in a new world for them. Break the plan into 7 parts, where each part is one month, and subdivide it into 4 sub-parts (weeks). Each month should be dedicated to the adventure of one of the main Toshi.

Adventures should be in the style of the book "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy", the series "Rick and Morty" and the best detective fantasy and sci-fi books.

every stories should have a logical structure connected in the end with one outcome at the end, and are written strictly according to the rules of Hollywood blockbusters. Take for the rules of story writing such a textbook "How to work on a script in Southern California" by David Howard, Edward Mably, Frank Daniel

remember that whole adventure and quest story must be hiddenly based on this 7 Toshis skills. 
